Fix construction of HG frames to be 3D (#3351)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3351.bugfix.rst

> Fixed bug where Heliographic frames were not constructed as 3D as intended.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed situations where 2D coordinates provided to `~sunpy.coordinates.frames.HeliographicStonyhurst` and `~sunpy.coordinates.frames.HeliographicCarrington` were not converted to 3D as intended.  Furthermore, the stored data will always be the post-conversion, 3D version.
```
